Speaking

Personal opinion:
Starting your opinion: I think, based on my experience, as far as I am concerned, to me, I consider, in my opinion. Given both options i would definitely. I don't see how anyone can dispute the statement that. I absolutely agree with this. That will be my choice for sure.
Giving reasons: what I like about, there are several reasons, another reason why is, that was because, to me, one reason that, for example, Most likely, in addition to. The main reason why is because. The (main) reason why.
Clarifying details: in other words, I mean, to be more specific.
Stating preferences: I’d rather, enjoy more than, I prefer, I would choose, better than, an alternative to going out, I normally stay. Definitely prefer one over the other.
Compare and contrast: essential, but I don’t think so, on the other hand, in contrast,
Conclusion: So, for those reasons I. in the end of the day. So absolutely. So, that is my opinion on that. For this reason (i agree). That's why. That is why this would be my choice.

Campus announcement (text announces and listening with opinion):
Starting announcement: The university has announced. There has been an announcement: the university has decided that they are going to do. In announcement that’s been made, they decided. The announcement has been made, about. According to the announcement/letter/article, says that, proposes, suggests. As stated in the campus announcement, the university will.
Why-s: they hope, and equally important that. They are doing it to. He has two suggestions to make this happen.
Starting person’s opinion: The person in the conversation clearly approves. he thinks this is a super-idea and fully behind it. He doesn't support this idea. The student is not on board with this decision. The student’s opinion it that he’s loved this decision. He is absolutely behind this decision. … but the student disagrees. The student rejects this proposal.  The man/woman agrees with/ supports/ likes the idea of/ is against/ opposes.
Reasons: She first addresses the issue regards to. He first addresses the issue of. She tells. Next, she tells us. She next addresses the issue in regard to. She first addresses the sources issue. She also lets us know. In the next part the woman gives support to. The student states that. He lets us know.
Attitude: She believes that this program. She actually believes and supports.
Ending person’s opinion: That why she is really supports this announcement. For these reasons she is firmly against. That’s why he disapproves it. That’s why the student favors this new idea. That’s why he disagrees. For these reasons he opposes.

Academic text and lecture (general text and specific listening):
Introduce the reading topic: the reading defines, according to the reading, the text informs us that. The author describes the concept of. This lets us know that. The author gives us a description. The reading passage gives us a great explanation about … which includes … The reading text tells us what ... is. The text gives us a great explanation of.  The article gives us a definition.
Introduce the listening lecture: the professor explains, through two examples, the professor further explains, the lecture gives us more specifics about, the lecture helps us understand a little better. The speaker lets us know about. However. The speaker gives us a description of it through. In a lecture, a person shares personal stories, that illustrate this.  First, he lets us know. Then he shares. In the listening, we are given an example of.
Continue with example: He tells us of a time when. This was a perfect example of. This is exactly explaining what … is. This is a good example of, because.
Conclusion: So, this is a great description of.

Academic lecture (listening summary):
Introduce the lecture: the lecture is mainly about, the topic of the lecture is, the professor talks about, the professor discusses, according to the lecture. The lecture lets us know that has advantages but also disadvantages.
Introducing controlling ideas: the professor says there are two, according to the professor there are, the first one is and the second is, one involves and the other relates to, according to the lecture there are, with this definition in mind the professor proceeds with two examples. The professor discusses two main topics.
Discussing examples: the professor gives us two examples of, the professor explains this by giving 2 examples, the professor talks about this as an example of, the professor gives this as an example of, the professor gives one more example that shows, the other example of this is the case in which a child regards every animal as a dog. The first one relates to. She uses an example of. The professor describes the concept of.

Integrated essay

Introduction
The author fully supports, while the speaker opposes this position
Through contradictory arguments, the speaker cast doubt on the validity of the author’s claim centered upon something, something, something.
This claim is based on known, all of which the speaker effectively weakens through a contrary something.
Something is something, according to the author, but the speaker contradicts and in fact weakens these claims based upon.
Based upon arguments of, the author tries to provide us with three plausible theories. However, as we will see below, the lecturer deftly points out the weakness in each theory and therefore casts serious doubt on the author’s beliefs.

State argument
Text
The author's bone structure argument.
The writer’s first argument is that.
If both facts are unconvincing arguments in favor of, the essayist would rely upon something as a supporting factor since there are.
The author believes that.
Another writer proposition is that.
The author’s argument relies on, but if, the author’s argument essentially falls apart.
Not only previous argument, but also something is cited by the writer as something.

Lecture
Citing something as an argument against it, the speaker reveals that.
The speaker opposes this position by dismissing the author’s claims based upon.
However, the speaker reveals that.
Never would the lecturer support this argument, remarking that.
As there is an alternative argument for the fact, then possibly it was not for.
The lecturer points out that there no proof of, which contradicts the author’s position.
The orator points out that.
A final essayist contention state that.
Disputing this point, the speaker remarks that.
The speaker’s argument is also a viable possibility, thereby lessening credibility in pollution as the sole source of uneven decline.
The speaker reveals that. This revelation counters the author’s position that.
The lecture effective counters this when he says that. Evidence of this counters the author’s argument.
Citing something, the orator dismisses this.
Through contradictory arguments, the speaker cast doubt on the validity of the author’s claim centered upon.
The speaker begins by attacking the article first theory. Even though this theory may be plausible, the speaker weakens it by telling us how. This information lends credence to the opposite theory.
The orators next point of assault is on the author’s theory. Be that as it may, we cannot accept it because the lecturer informs us that, whereas, the opposite of what the author’s theory requires.
The author finally tries to convince us that, but we find this theory wanting after the speaker notes that. This directly contradicts that theory.

Grammar structure
If they were, then they did not have to be.
Not only, but also.
If something, then something as the author suggest.

Conclusion
After considering the relevant information, it is clear that the author’s arguments should be cast aside.


Independent essay

Topic sentence
Any discussion about should include the topic of.
When discussing the topic, an important point connects to something.
Secondarily, we can examine the topic of something, to understand more about.
This first issue to be addressed in regard to.
Let’s start by talking about.
In addition to the previous point.
The first idea to consider why science is a benefit relates to transportation.
Another important point about science is that it helped enhance our lives through computers.
If a firm choice between the two things must be made, a person should.
Something would be the optimum choice for a number of reasons.
Considering these two alternatives, decision.
Although these choices will be explored below, we will have a very detailed discussion on something.
Considering all angles, something.
When choosing one instead of other, we can confidently make this choice due to reason.
If a firm choice must be made, you should.

Detail
First, something provides significant support to this point.
In addition, we should consider the subject of something, since it also aids in the explanation.
First let’s take a look at the impact of research from computer.
One important idea that explains something.
Starting with the idea of something, we can see why.
Another important consideration centres on.
We also should consider points about.
A first supporting point to consider deals with the idea of.
Secondary to the first point.
Now that we have addressed the causes, we can now move forward toward positive resolutions to drawbacks from
Now that we have generally explored, we can analyse how.

Explain detail
This detail is important because.
This constitutes a poor decision because of.
As this example informs us.

Concluding/transition sentence.
These two supporting points explain the value of choosing this option.
There are other points to be made in regard to something.
Beginning with the informative point of something, we can see the importance of this choice.
While this is important, also we should look at.
Despite the relevance of the above points, a look at alternative sources of power also show why we should use less oil.
Overall transportation explains we should see scientist in a positive light.

Summary
So, something and something explains how.
As we can conclude.
Based on the above points, how can we not choose something?
These two supporting points explain the value of choosing this option.
All in all, wind farms and solar power provide good alternative sources of power that support reducing oil use.
From my point of view,
